CC-31953 Introduced How To guide for backend E2E testing (#2406)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/testing-guidelines/test-helpers/available-test-helpers.md

Technically, in the `Oms` module, calling `$this->getProvidedDependency(OmsDependencyProvider::FACADE_SALES)` returns `$salesFacadeMock`.

### Glue Helpers

The Glue helpers can only be used for testing the Glue application.

#### DependencyProviderHelper

Lets you set dependencies to a module or mock existing ones.

#### FactoryHelper

Lets you mock factory methods and access the factory.

#### OpenApi3

> Lets you match the response of API endpoints against the OpenApi3 schema.

Reviewer: Can we replace `match` with `validate`?

#### JsonPath

Lets you navigate through the JSON response of the API endpoints.

#### GlueRest

Provides functionality to send requests to the Glue API endpoints and validate response data.

#### GlueBackendApiJsonApiHelper

> Provides functionality to send requests to the Glue Backend API endpoints that implement JSON API convention and validate response data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets you send requests to the Glue Backend API endpoints that implement JSON API convention and validate response data.
```
